Far from Homeland is a game where young clouded leopard Neo tries to escape from island.

Plot:
1. intro to habitat and our main actor Neo as a small leopard
2. kidnapped by colonisers and brought to island where he manages to escape
3. lonely and starving Neo manages to survive his first night

4. He meets Javani - Java mouse-deer 
5. Neo and Javani are searching for food
6. Javani would like to help Neo on his journey
7. They try to build a ship on their own but fail to do so
8. They agree that they need to find a human who will build a boat for them, night is where they fall asleap

9. Javani leads the way to the mountain where Akamu lives
10. They meet Ula girl who admires sea
11. Akamu is rude, refuses to help, because he doesn't know how to get a heart of Ula.
12. Javani and Neo head back to Ula to get her know better, night is where they fall asleap

13. Neo can't sleep - so he takes a walk when he meets python Lorelei
14. Lorelei offers boat for life of Javani
15. night is where he falls asleap

16. they continue to Ula
17. they find out that Ula wants a heart of a sailor
18. they dont know what to do, Jovani there are no sailors on this island, night is where they fall asleap

19. Lorelei wakes Neo up and repeats her offer
20. Javani hears that and freaks up
21. Neo must decide 
22. If Neo kills Lorelei, Javani and Neo become besties Javani gets idea that he should invite Ula on a sail
23. else if Neo chooses death of a friend or time runs out, Javani escapes and Neo gets eaten
24. Night is where they fall asleap

25. They head back to Akamu
26. Akamu is rude at begining but then he switches to helpful - we will need wood and lianas and a cloth
27. Neo and Javani search for materials 
28. when they come back Akamu has already built a ship - where have you been so long, let us set sail !!!
29. they sail to Ulas house.

30. they arive but Ula is garbage and refuses Akamu because she is a woman and his boat is ugly
31. Neo has to decide 
32. if neo asks for sail to homeland Akamu rages and kicks Neo and Jovani of a boat game ends there are no sailors on this island
32. else if Neo decides to be kind or time runs out Neo will support Akamu and promise that it will be good they sail back to Akamus house

33. N&J go to Ula that they need her help 
34. ula agrees that she will talk with Akamu about taking N&J to homeland
35. Night is where they fall asleap

36. Ula knocks on Akamus door
37. Akamu thinks that N&J are here he kindly answeres 
38. When he opens doors tears are still in his eyes
39. Ula is impressed by his manners and instead of talking she joins us on our journey
40. ship sails happy end

41. after credits scene of landing on homeland where colonisers are devastating nature --> far from homeland II
